Existing Solutions (#35)
SW709E19/Report: report/ProblemAnalysis/existing-solutions.tex

> \section{Existing Solutions}

Reviewer: Mangler der ikke noget metatekst der beskriver hvad afsnittet handler om?
Måske kunne man også slutte af med en konklusion der samler op på vores overordnede fund?

Author: Det er gjort nu, og du må godt lige læse det igen :)

Author: Jeg har rettet så der ikke bliver brugt "we" mere

In this section,  we will conduct an analysis on what existing solution there are, and what they are capable of.
We will also look into what they can provide, and research their lifetime expectations and the cost, to determine what can be improved upon.

\subsection{Swift Sensors}
Swift Sensors is an American Company specialized in sensors and collection of data from machines and equipment.
They have more than 40 different sensors, which can be powered by battery or directly from the socket \citep{SwiftSensorsProducts}.

> Their sensors can communicate using Bluetooth Low Energy or Radio Frequency (RF).

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde efter: .. Bluetooth Low Energy or Radio Frequency (RF).

Their sensors vary in price, and starts from under 100\$ \citep{SwiftSensorsProducts}.
To collect data, their sensors have to be connected to a bridge, bridges are connected to the internet, and can transmit the data to cloud storage \citep{SwiftSensorsBridges}. 

The overall setup of how Swift Sensors works can be seen on figure \ref{fig:swiftsensorsstructure}.

> \begin{figure}[H]

Reviewer 2: Der mangler kilde på figuren

    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.6\textwidth]{images/SwiftSensors.png}
    \caption{Swift Sensors complete solution}
    \label{fig:swiftsensorsstructure}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Where is it used}
Swift sensors have a variety of sensors that can be used for many different applications, some of which includes machinery, restaurants, data centers and more.
Swift sensors provide a complete solution, with sensors, bridges, cloud storage and a dashboard to see all the information collected. \citep{SwiftSensorsSolutions}

\subsubsection{Cost}
Swift sensors does not openly disclose how much a complete solutions costs, but say that sensors starts from under 100\$.

> Bridges range in prices from 400\$ to over 600\$, Bridges have different options of connecting to the internet, including data plans at 104\$/month. The bridges can also be expanded with ability for wifi and ethernet connectivity. \ref{SwiftSensorsPriceList}

Reviewer 2: Referencen til prislisten i appendix renderer som .1. 
Kan vi gøre det mere tydeligt for læseren at det er en reference to appendix? f.eks. (See Appendix \ref{SwiftSensorsPriceList}?

\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.6\textwidth]{images/SwiftSensors.png}
    \caption{Swift Sensors complete solution}
    \label{fig:swiftsensorsstructure}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Where is it used}
Swift sensors have a variety of sensors that can be used for many different applications, some of which includes machinery, restaurants, data centers and more.
Swift sensors provide a complete solution, with sensors, bridges, cloud storage and a dashboard to see all the information collected.

\subsubsection{Cost}
Swift sensors does not openly disclose how much a complete solutions costs, but say that sensors starts from under 100\$.
Bridges range in prices from 400\$ to over 600\$, Bridges have different options of connecting to the internet, including data plans at 104\$/month. The bridges can also be expanded with ability for wifi and ethernet connectivity. 

\subsubsection{Maintenance}
Swift Sensors are described to be low maintenance, however they are battery powered, and requires their batteries changed once drained. 
Swift Sensors have an expected battery life ranging from 1 to 5 years, and the battery can easily be replace.

> However Swift Sensors says batteries last on average 2 years in ideal conditions, but also says that their customers has to replace the batteries every 6 mounts.

Reviewer: Jeg har rettet udsagnsord til at behandle "Swift Sensors" som ental, da det er en virksomhed, men når man omtaler dem med stedord ("it" eller "they"), så bliver det altså flertal, for det lyder dumt at kalde dem ental på den måde. Så vi må lige leve med lidt grammatisk inconsistency

The battery life also depends on the inspection rate of the sensors, which can be configured from 10 seconds to 30 minutes.
The battery life will also suffer if the signal strength to the bridge is low, which will require the sensor to use more power to transmit data.

The sensors are powered by a 3v coin cell battery, it is not specified which kind.

\subsubsection{Types of communication}

> The sensors has to be placed within 15 meters (50 ft) of bridges to use Bluetooth Low Energy and 30 meters (100 ft) to use RF. Swift sensors say that they use RF, but from the specifications, it looks like regular WiFi \citep{SwiftSensors}.

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde til sætningen: The sensors has to be placed within 15 meters (50 ft) of bridges to use Bluetooth Low Energy and 30 meters (100 ft) to use RF

%https://www.swiftsensors.com/

\subsection{ABB Group}
ABB sensors are a Swedish company that specializes in manufacturing for many industries, including but not limited to Automotive, Buildings and Infrastructure, Data Centers, Food and Beverage, Industrial Automation etc.
ABB also has a project called AAB Ability Smart Sensors, which are sensors used on machinery and equipment for advanced analytics and maintenance planning.

The sensors can communicate with the ABB Ability Platform though a gateway or directly. 

The main functionality of the sensors is measure the health and performance of the equipment, which can be used to predict maintenance and avoid unnecessary downtime.

The sensors communicate using Bluetooth Low Energy, and are rated at a theoretical max distance of over 100 meters, but realistically only works at 50 meters, and in industrial environments less than 25 meters. \citep{ABBGroupPresentation} 
%src https://www.theaemt.com/content/2643/Live/download/PRESENTATION%20-%20ABB%20-%20AEMT%20Scottish%20Meeting%20presentation%202018-05.pdf

\subsubsection{Where is it used}

> ABB Group produce different kinds of sensors, for motors which can detect vibration, temperature and "other meaningful parameters" \citep{ABBGroupSensors}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ABB Group produces different kinds of sensors, for motors which can detect vibration, temperature and "other meaningful parameters" \citep{ABBGroupSensors}.
```

Reviewer: Kommaet er lidt mærkeligt placeret. Jeg er ikke sikker på at det overhovedet skal være der. Producerer de kun sensorer for motorer?

They also have sensors for pumps and mounted bearings, which are currently not available on their web page. 

\subsubsection{Maintenance}

> ABB Group state that the sensors are battery powered, and does not have the ability to have the battery change, without losing the "hazardous area certifications, safety certifications, and IP rating" \citep{ABBGroupSensorsInstallGuide}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ABB Group states that the sensors are battery powered and that the batteries cannot be changed without losing the "hazardous area certifications, safety certifications, and IP rating" \citep{ABBGroupSensorsInstallGuide}.
```

 %Quote https://search.abb.com/library/Download.aspx?DocumentID=9AKK106930A9455&LanguageCode=en&DocumentPartId=&Action=Launch

> They also state that sensors should be disposed of according to their instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They also state that their sensors should be disposed of according to their instructions.
```

Reviewer: Evt. tilføj "after their batteries have been drained"

> This eliminates maintenance of the sensors, but also makes their lifetime limited, AAB Group state that their sensors can last 3-5 years

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This eliminates maintenance of the sensors but also makes their lifetime limited.
AAB Group states that their sensors can last 3-5 years.
```

\subsubsection{Installation and setup}

> ABB Group has a complete guide on how to install and setup each sensor, which requires their app which is available for Android and iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ABB Group has a complete guide on how to install and set up each sensor, which requires their app which is available for Android and iOS.
```

> Installation of sensors can be quite complicated, and requires Leveling tools, Allen wrench, a knife, sandpaper and a Phillips screw driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of sensors can be quite complicated and requires Leveling tools, Allen wrench, a knife, sandpaper and a Phillips screw driver.
```

Reviewer: Det er lidt problematisk at vi skriver sådan noget som "quite complicated". Måske findes der en bedre formulering?

Author: Det kan være vi kan formulere det som "can be difficult without proper training"?

> The sensors are required to be placed level, and on the correct locations of the machines they are monitoring, in order to function as intended. \citep{ABBGroupSensorsInstallGuide}

Reviewer: Er det et korrekt udtryk at blive "placed level"?

Reviewer: Og sætningen står alene. Skal citeringen så være før punktum?

Author: Hmmm, det kan være det skal være "horizontally" istedet for level

Jo, det er korrekt, citeringen står forkert, det retter jeg lige

Reviewer: Er meningen at de skal placeres på samme niveau med hinanden horisontalt? Kan man ikke bare skrive dét? "The sensors are required to be placed at the same level horizontally"

Author: Nej det er at de skal placeres helt vandret

> The sensors are required to be placed level, and on the correct locations of the machines they are monitoring, in order to function as intended. \citep{ABBGroupSensorsInstallGuide}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensors are required to be placed level and on the correct locations of the machines they are monitoring in order to function as intended. \citep{ABBGroupSensorsInstallGuide}
```

\subsubsection{Cost}

> ABB Group have prices for 3 different motor sensors on their website, all costing 584\$. There are no listing of other sensors and their prices on the ABB Group website. \citep{AbbGroupPrices}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ABB Group has prices for 3 different motor sensors on their website, all costing 584\$. There is no listing of other sensors and their prices on the ABB Group website. \citep{AbbGroupPrices}
```

\section{Existing Solutions}
In this section,  we will conduct an analysis on what existing solution there are, and what they are capable of.
We will also look into what they can provide, and research their lifetime expectations and the cost, to determine what can be improved upon.

\subsection{Swift Sensors}

> Swift Sensors is an American Company specialized in sensors and collection of data from machines and equipment.

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde

> They have more than 40 different sensors, which can be powered by battery or directly from the socket.

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde

> Their sensors can communicate using Bluetooth Low Energy or Radio Frequency (RF).

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde

> Their sensors vary in price, and starts from under 100\$.

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde

To collect data, their sensors have to be connected to a bridge, bridges are connected to the internet, and can transmit the data to cloud storage. 

The overall setup of how Swift Sensors works can be seen on figure \ref{fig:swiftsensorsstructure}.

\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.6\textwidth]{images/SwiftSensors.png}

>     \caption{Swift Sensors complete solution}

Reviewer 2: Mangler kilde
